Doc proxy method to limit TLS version and ciphers (#2254)
Azure/iotedge: doc/control-tls-version-and-ciphers-exposed-by-edge-hub.md

## Architecture
We leverage a [haproxy](http://www.haproxy.org) reverse proxy IoT Edge module to limit TLS versions and cipher suites supported by the external facing endpoints on the IoT Edge device. The diagram below illustrates this approach: 

![](images/eh-proxy.png)
## Setup instructions 

### Build the edgehub-proxy image

1. Clone this repository.

2. Modify **/edge-modules/edgehub-proxy/haproxy.cfg** with desired configuration and save the file. Values to set:

    | Setting      | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
    |--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

>     | TLS          | Modify the `ssl-default-bind-options` entry.<br>[Full list of options](https://www.haproxy.com/documentation/aloha/9-5/traffic-management/lb-layer7/tls/#define-bind-directives-on-the-frontend).<br><br>*Use `ssl-default-bind-options no-sslv3 no-tlsv10 no-tlsv11` to expose only TLS v1.2* |   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | TLS          | Modify the `ssl-default-bind-options` entry.<br>[Full list of options](https://www.haproxy.com/documentation/aloha/9-5/traffic-management/lb-layer7/tls/#define-bind-directives-on-the-frontend).<br><br>*Use `ssl-default-bind-options no-sslv3 no-tlsv10 no-tlsv11` to limit only TLS v1.2* and later |   |
```
